feat: [CDS-91176]: add doc for delegate hotfix 82203 (#5251)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

<Deleos />

## February 2024

> ### Version 24.02.82203 <!--  Febryary 02, 2024 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Version 24.02.82203 <!--  February 2, 2024 -->
```

#### Hotfix

> - Fixed the issue for GitHub connector when Fetch Files was failing because of an NPE error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue for GitHub connectors when Fetch Files failed because of an NPE error. (CDS-91176, ZD-57550)
```
